>> Ifill: AFTER DAYS OF GRIEF
THE REMAINS OF SOME OF
THE VICTIMS FROM MALAYSIA
FLIGHT 17 ARRIVED HOME.
uff: AND I'M JUDYW IFILL.
WOODRUFF, ALSO AHEAD THIS
WEDNESDAY.
SERETAC OF STATKERRY'S
WHIRLWIND DIPLOMATIC SH IPUTH
MID-EAST, BUT WITH FEW SIGNS OF
A CEAIRSOONWE ELORE
THE HUMANITARIAN SITUATION
GAZA.
A, WATER, ELECTRI
HEALTH CARE RUN
>> Ifill: THE TRIALS AND
TRIUMPHS OF SCIENTISTS WHO
ARCHSEORNSRS TBIG
QUESTIONS OF NEUROSCIENCE, BY
ASKING THE LITTLE ONES.>> IF WEW
THOSE ACTUALLY WORK, WE WOULD
KNOW SOMETHING IMPORTANT ABOUT
HOW EVERYTHING WORKS.
>> Woodruff: PLUS, AN UPDATE ON
EFFORTS TO BRING BACK THE
ABDUCTED NIGERIAN SCHOOL GIRLS,
100 DAYS AFT TMISSING.
THO ARE JUST SOME OF THE
STORIES WE'RE COVERING ON
TONIT'S S NEHO.
>> Woodrf: T FIR
VICTIMSROM THE MALAYSIAN
AIRLINER SHOT DOWN OVER UKRANE
ARRED BACK IN THE NETHERLANDS
TODAIN THERIEVG NAON
LARGELY CAME TA HALT, AS THE
S SOMBER EVENTS PLAYED OUT
JONATHAN RUGMAN OF INDEPENDENT
TELEVISION NEWS HAS OUREPORT.
>> Reporter:EIHOVE
MILITARY AIRPORT THIS AFTERNOON.
TWOIRCRAFT, ONE DUTCH AND ONE
AUSTRALIAN, FERRIED THE FIRST OF
MH-17'S PASSENGERS AND CREW BACK
TO THE COUNTRY WHH LOST THE
MOST.
193 OF THE 298 WERE DUTCH.
32 AUSTRALIAN, AND 10 FROM THE
U.K.
40 HEARSES FOR 40 COFFINS.HEY WE
DUTCH GAVE THE BODIES A HEROES
WELCOME, WITH THE SO POS
THE COUNTRY'S NEW KING WILLEM
ALEXANDER, AND QUEEN MAXIMA, LED
A DAY OF NATIONAL MOURNING.
THE CEREMONY HERE, METICULOUS IN
BRIGHT SUNSHINE, AERFORMED
IN FRONT OF ABOUT 1,000
RELATIVES OF THE DEAD.
AND WHAT WAS MOST STRIKING, THE
DETERMINATION TO GIVE THEM A
DIGNY INY NEVER
RECEIVED IN THE FIELDS OF
EASTERN UKRAI.
AT THE CRASH SIGHT ITSELF,
SEPATIST REBELS GAVE ACCESS TO
FICIALS FROM THE ORGANIZATION
ND COORATI IN
EUROPE.
BUT NOT TO DUTCH INVESTIGATORS,
WHO SAID THEIR SAFETY WAS NOT
GUARANTEED.
THE PLANE'S FLIGHT RECORDERS
HAVE BEEN TAKEN TO THE U.K. FORW
AN EXAMINATICH CHILD TKE
WEEKS.
BUT SIX DAYS ON, THERE HAS BEEN
NO PROFESSIONAL INVTIGAESTION
PERMITTED HERE.
ON MONDAY, THE U.K. SAID IT HAD
IMPOSED AN ABSOLUTE ARMS EARGOMB
ON RUSSIA.
BUT TODAY, IT EMERGED THAT MORE
THAN 200 EXPORTICEN LS,
INCLUDING FOR MISSILE LAUNCHING
EQUIPMENT, ARE STILL IN PLACE.
>> WE HAVE AN ARMS EMBARGO IN
PLACE.
WE SET OUT THE TERMS OF IT, AND
WE NEED TO MAKE SURE THAT
EVERYTHING THAT'S HAPPENED SINCE
IS CONSISTENT WITH THE TERMS OF
THAT EMBARGO.
I BELIEVE THAT'S THE CASE, BUT
WE'LL WANT TO GO THROUGH EACHONO
VERY MUCH MAKE SURE THAT IT IS
THE CASE AND IF IT ISN'T, OF
COURSE WE'LL ACT VERY SWIFTLY.
>> Reporter: AND A
DISAGREEMENT AMONG WORLD LEADER-
RUSSIAN SEPARATISTS ARE
CONTINUING TO SHOOT DOWN
AIRCRAFT.
, IT WAS TWO UKRAINIAN
MILITARY JETS.
THIS JUST 25 MILES FROM THE MH-
17 SIGHT.KRAINIS CLMINGHE
ROCKETS WERE FIRED FROM RUSSIA
ITSELF.
ON THE OTHER SIDE OEUROPE
THOUGH, THE PEELING OF BELLS,
AND THEN A MINUTE'S SILENCE.
NOT A CORNER OF THE NETHERLANDS
HAVE BEEN UNTOUCHED BY THIS
DISASTER.
AND THE SCENES THIS EVENING HAVE
BEEN UNPRECEDENTED.
MANY THOUSANDS LINING THE
STREETS TO WATCH THE HEARSES
PASS BY.
THE FIRST BODIES FROM 11 NATIONS
IN ALL, THOUGH NONE OF THEM HAVE
YET BEEN IDENTIFIED.
YET ALL OF THEM, HONORED HERE BY
THE COUNTRY, WHICH LESS THAN ONE
EK AGO, HAD SENT THEM
ON THEIR Y.WA
>> Woodruff: EUROPEAN MONITORS
ID TODAY THERE ARE BODY PARTS
ERE THE PLANE WAS SHOTASTERN
DOWN.
AND AUSTRALIA'S PRIME MINISTER
WARNEDT'S INCREASINGLY LIKELY
THAT SOME OF THE REMAINS WILL
NEVER BE RECOVERED.
>> Ifill: AND IN OTHER NEWS
TODAY, IN TAIN A
TRANS-ASIA AIRWAYS PLANE CRASHED
IN STORMY WEATHER AS IT WAS
TRYING TO LAND ON THE SMALL
ISLAND OF PENGHU.
AT LEAST 47 PEOPLE WERE TRAPPED
AND ARED DEAD.
RESCUE WORKERS USED FLASHLIGHTS
TO COMB THROUGH THE WRECKAGE IN
THE DARKNESS.
58 PASSENGERS AND CREW MEMBERS
WERE ON BOARD.
>> Woodruff: REPUBLICANS AND
DEMOCRATS IN CONGRESS OFFERED UP
COMPETING BILLS TODAY, ON THE
FLOOD OF MIGRANT CHILDREN ACROSS
THE SOUTHERN U.S. BORDER.
BUT THERE WAS NO SIGN THAT
EITHER SIDE CAN WIN OVER THE
OTHER.
HOUSE REPUBLICANS SAID THEIR
BILL WOULD COST $1.5 BILLION,
FAR LESS THAN PRESIDENT OBAMA'S
REQUEST OF $3.7 BILLION.
SPEAKER JOHN BOEHNER:
>> WHAT THE PRESIDENT IS ASKING
FOR IS A BLANK CHECK.
HE WANTS US TO JUST THROW MORE
MONEY AT THE PROBLEM WITHOUT
DOING ANYTHING TO SOLVE THE
PROBLEM.
THE ADMINISTRATION OUGHT TO GET
THEIR ACT TOGETHER.
WITHOUT TRYING TO FIX THE
PROBLEM, I DON'T KNOW HOW WE
ACTUALLY ARE IN A POSITION TO
GIVE THE PRESIDENT ANY MORE
MONEY.
>> Woodruff: REPUBLICANS ALSO
INSIST ON SPEEDI UP
DEPORTIONS BY CHANGING A 2008
LAW THAT LAYS OUT A LENGTHY
HEARING PROCES
IN THE SENATE, DEMOCRAT BARBARA
MIKULI PROPOSED LEGISLATION TO
CUT THE PRESIDENT'S FUNDING
REQUEST BY $1 BILLION.
BUT IT WOULD NOT CHANGE THE 2008
TATIONS.
HOMELANDECURITY DEPARTMENT
OFFICIALS WARN BORDER AND
IMMIGRATION AGENCIESILL RUN
OUT OF MONEY IN THE NEXT TWO
MONTHS, UNLESS CONGRESS ACTS.
>> Ifill: LAWMAKERS IN IRAQ HAVE
AGAIN DELAYED VOTING ON A NEW
PRESIDENT.
THEY AGREED TODAY TO PUT OFF A
UNTIL TOMORROW, AFTER
THE KURDISH POTICAL BLOC ASKED
FOR MORE TE.IM
AT LEAST 95 CANDIDATES ARERUNNI.
MEANWHILE, THE ISLAMIC STATE
GROUP CLAIMED RESPOIBILITY FO
AN ERNIGHT SUICIDE BOMBING
THAT KILLED 31 PEOPLE AT A
CHEPOINT IN BAGHDAD.
>> Woodruff: IN INDONESIA, A
FORMER GENERAL WHO LOST THE
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION NOW PLANS
TO CHALLENGE THE RESULTS IN THE
NATION'S HIGHEST COURT.
HIS CAMPAIGN ALLEGES WIDESPREAD
FRAUD IN THE VOTING, ALTHOUGH
ELECTION OBSERVERS HAVE SAID IT
WAS GENERALLY FREE AND FAIR.ARED
JAKARTA GOVERNOR KO WIDODO THE
WINNER, YESTERDAY.
>> Ifill: THE COSTA CONCORDIA
CRUISE LINER BEGAN IT'S FINAL
VOYAGE TODAY, MORE THAN TWO
YEARS AFTER
ITALIAN ISLAND.
TWO TUGBOATS PULLED THE SHIP
AWAY FROM THE PORT OF GIGLIO.
IT WILL MAKE A SLOW, FOUR-DAY
JOURNEY TO THE NORTHRT
OF GENOA, HOME TO THE COMPANY
HAT TNS THE VESSEL.
>> IT IS DIFFICULT TO DESCRIBE
THE FEELING WITHOUT BEING TOO
EMOTIONAL.
THE SHIP IS HEADING NORTH AT 2
KNOTS:  EXPECTED RIV TIME
FOLLOWING BETWEEN SATURDAY NIGHT
AND SUNDAY MORNING.
>> Ifill: 32 PEOPLE DIED WHEN
THE CONCORDIA STEERED TOO CLOSE
TO LAND AND STRUCK A REEF.
THE CAPTAIN IS NOW ON TRIAL ON
CHARGES OF CAUSING THE WRECK AND
ABANDONING HIS PASSENGERS, AND
FOR MULTIPLE COUNTS OF
R.
>> Woodruff: BACK IN THIS
COUNTR GENERAL MOTORS HA
ISSUED X MORE SAFETY RECALLS,
COVERING ANOTHER 700,000
VECLESHI
THIS TIME, THE PROBLEMS RANGE
FROM FAULTY SEATS TO TURN SIGNAL
FAILURES, TO PROBLS WITH POWER
STEERING.
ALL TOLD, G.M. HAS ISSUED A
RECORD 60 RECALLS THIS YEAR, FOR
NEARLY 30 MILLION CARS AND
TRUCKS.
>> Ifill: CONGRESSIONAL
INVESTIGATORS TOLD HOUSE MEMBERS
TODAY HOW THEY REPEATEDLY
QUALIFIED FOR SUBSIDIZED HEALTH
COVERAGE USING FAKE I.D.'S.
THE GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY
OFFICE SAID INVESTIGATORS
SUCCEEDED IN 11 OUT OF 18
ATTEMPTS;
THEY SAID THEY GOT AROUND AN
ONLINE IDENTITY CHECKING SYSTEM
BY DIALING GOVERNMENT CALL
CENTERS INSTEAD;
ALSO TODAY, A STUDY BY THE
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN
SERVICES ESTIMATED MORE THAN TEN
MILLION ADULTS HAVGAINE ED
COVERAGE UNDER THE AFFORDABLE
CARE ACT.
>> Woodruff: THE ANTHRAX
INCIDENT AT A GOVERNMENT LAB HAS
COST THE LAB DIRECTOR HIS JOB.
MICHAEL FARRELL SUBMITTED HIS
RESIGNATION TODAY FROM THE
E COROL ND
PREVENTION.
HE'D ALREADY BEEN REASSIGNED
FROM A C.D.C. FACILITY IN
ATLANTA THAT HANDLES BIO-
TERRORISM AGENTS.
LAST MONTH, THAT LAB
ACCIDENTALLY SENT ANTHRAX
SAMPLES THAT WERE STILL ALIVE,
TO TWO OTHER LABS.
DOZENS OF C.D.C. WORKERS WERE
POTENTIALLY EXPOSED, BUT NO ONE
GOT
>> Ifill: WALL STREET HAD A
MIXED DAYFTER SOME MIXED
REPORTS ON CORPORATE EARNINGS.
THE DOW JONES INDUAL
LOST NEARLY 27 POINTS TO CLOSE
AT 17,086.
THE NASDAQ ROSE 17 POINTS TO
CLOSE AT 4,473.
AND THE S-AN-P 500 ADDED THREE,
TO end at 1,987.
>> Woodruff: STILL TO COME ON
THE NEWSHOUR:
THE HUMANITARIAN CRISIS ON THE
GROUND IN GAZA;
HOW A GEORGIA RACE WILL HELP
DECIDE CONTROL OF THE U.S.
SENATE;
AT FLY'BRAIN TELLS US
ABOUT OUR OWN MINDS;
STRICTERULES FOR TRAINS
CARING CRUDE OIL;
AND, WHAT'S HAPPENED TO THE
ABDUCTED NIGERIAN SCHOOL GIRLS,
NOW MISSING FOR 100 DAYS.
>> Ifill: THE FIGHTING BETWEEN
HAMAS AND ISRAEL CONTINUED TODAY
AS AMERICA'S TOP DIPLOMAT
SHUTTLED BETWEEN ISRAELI AND
PALESTINIAN LEADERS, ATTEMPTING
TO BROKER A CEASE FIRE.
MORE THAN 68PALESTINIANS AND
34 ISRAELIS HAVE BEEN KILLED
SINCE THE FIGHTING BEGAN JULY 8.
>> Ifill: SECRETARY OF STATE
JOHN KERRY LANDED IN TEL AVIV,
HIS AIR FORCE JET EXEMPT FROM
THE F.A.A. BAN SHUTTING DOWN
U.S. FLIGHTS THERE.
HE MET FIRST WITH U.N. SECRETARY
GENERAL BAN KI-MOON, AND
SUGGESTED THERE'S BEEN SOME
PROGRESS TOWARD A CEASE-FIRE.
>> WE'RE WORKING HARD AND I'M
NOT GOING TO GET INTO THE
CHARACTERIZING, BUT WE HAVE
CERTAINLY MADE SOME STEPS
FORWARD.
>> Ifill: FROM THERE, HE HEADED
THEEST NK, D TA
WITH PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY
PRESIDENT MAHMOUD ABBAS.
>> WE'RE DOING THIS FOR ONE
SIMPLE REASON.
THE PEOPLE IN THE PALESTINIAN
TERRITORIES, THE PEOPLE IN
ISRAEL ARE ALL LIVING UNDER THE
THREAT OR REALITY OF IMMEDIATEV.
AND THIS NEEDS TO END FOR
EVERYBODY.
>> Ifill: AND THEN, BACK TO TEL
AVIV, FOR A MEETING WITH ISRAELI
PRIME MINISTER BENJAMIN
NETANYAHU.
AMID ALL THE SHUTTLING, EVEN
RUSSIAN PRESIDENT VLADIMIR PUTIN
SPOKE WITH NETANYAHU BY PHONE
TOD, HUNDREDS OF PALESTINIANS
WERE ALSO ON THE MOVE, POURING
OUT OF THE SOUTHERN ZA TGAN OF
KHAN YOUNIS.
THEY WERE FLEEING HEAVY ISRAELI
AIR AND ARTILLERY STRIKES, AND
THERE WERE REPORTS OF MANY
PEOPLE STILL TRAPPED.
>> ( translated ): THEY WERE
FIRING FROM TANKS NEXT TO OUR
HOUSE.
WE WERE STUCK IN THE HOUSE, WE
CALLED THE AMBULANCE AND THE
FIRE-FIGHTERS, NONE CAME TO HELP
US.
>> Ifill: IN RAFAH, HUNDREDS
TOOK PART IN A FUNERAL
PROCESSION FOR FIVE PALESTINIANS
KILLED BY OVERNIGHT AIR STRIKES.
AND IN JERUSALEM, THOUSANDS
ATTENDETHE FUNERAL OF ISRAELI
SOLDIER MAX STEINBERG.
THE 24-YEAR-OLD MAN FROM
CALIFORNIA WAS KILLED IN
FIGHTING ON SUNDAY.
VIOLENCE ALSO SPREAD TO THE WEST
BANK, WHERE A PALESTINIAN MAN
WAS KILLE FIGHTING WITH
ISRAELI SOLDIERS IN BETHLEHEM.
MEANWHILE, HAMAS ROCKET FIRE
WORKER NEAR
ASHKELON, IN SOUTHERN ISRAEL.
THE ROCKET THREAT PROMPTED
MORE AIRLINES TO CALOFF
FLIGHTS INTO ISRAEL'S BEN GURION
INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT.
PRESIDENT SHIMON PERES URGED
THEM TO RECONSIDER.
>> MAY I SAY I REGRET THAT
AIRLINES HAVE SUSPENDED FLIGHTS.
THE REAL ANSWER TO THE DANGER OF
FLYING IS NOT TO STOP THE
FLIGHTS, BUT TO STOP THE ROCKETS
WHICH ARE ENDANGERING THE
FLIGH
>> Ifill:UT THE U.N. HIGH
COSIONER FOR HUMAN RIGHTS
NAVI PILLAY HELD BOTH SIDES
RESPONSIBLE FOR TE RAPIDLY
RISING DEATH TOLL.
>> I UNEQUIVOLLY REITERATE TO
ALL ACTORS IN THIS CONFLICT THAT
CIVILIANS MUST NOT BE TARGETED.
NOT ABIDING BY THESE PRINCIPLES
MAY AMOUNT TO WAR CRIMES AND
CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY.
>> Ifill: ISRAELI JUSTICE
MINISTER TZIPI LIVNI ANSWERED
THE ALLEGATION WITH TWO WORDS ON
HER FACEBOOK PAGE, "GET LOST."
LATE TODAY, HAMAS LEADER KHALED
MESHAAL CALLED FOR THE WORLD TO
FORCE AN END TO THE ISRAELI
OFFENSIVE, AND TO THE ECONOMIC
BLOCKADE OF GAZA.
PERNILLE IRONSIDE, OF THE U.N.
CHILDREN'S AGENCY UNICEF, HAS
BEEN ON THE GROUND IN GAZA SINCE
THE CONFLICT BEGAN.
I SPOKE WI HER VIA SKY
EARLIER TODAY.
PERNILLE IRONSIDE, AS YOU TRAVEL
AROUND IN GAZA, TELL US, WHAT
ARE YOU SEEING?
>> WELL, THE CONFLICT HAS BEEN
GETNGTI STEADILY WORSE BY THE
DAY, AND WE'RE NOW INTO OUR
15th DAY HERE, AND WITH EACH
ONE THE CIVILIAN CASUALTY RATE
HAS ONLY MOUNTED.
AMONGST THOSE, CHILDREN ARE
BEARING THE GREATEST BRUNT OF
THIS TERRIBLE CONFLICT AT THE
MOMENT.
DIED ALREADY AND WE'RE NOWHO
OVER 1,100 CHILDREN WHO HAVE
EEN SERIOUSLY INJURED, MAIMED
AND EVEN TERRIBLY BURNED.
THE PHYSICAL AND PSYCHOLOGICAL
TOLL IS UNDESCRIBABLE.
I'VE MET WITH, FOR EXAMPLE, THE
THREE SURVIVING BAKA BOYS WHO
WERE ON THE BEACH PLAYING WITH
COUSS IND TANHE NEXT MOMENT SAW
PIECES OF FOUR OF THEIR FRIENDS
AND COUSINS STREWN AROUND THEM.
THESE ARE LASTING EMOTIONAL AND
PHYSICAL SCARS THAT CHILDREN ARE
BEARING ACROSS THE GAZA STRIP.
I ALSO MET 4-YEAR-OLD SHIMA IN
THE HOSPITAL THE OTHER DAY AND
SHE WAS LONGING FOR HER MOTHER
AND HER SIB ALL OF WHOM
DIED AS THEY WERE SEEKING
SHELTER, LEAVING THEIR HOME IN
SEARCH OF A SAFER PLACE, AND
ONLY SHIMA AND HER FATHER
SURVIVED.
THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS THERE
IS NO SAFE PLACEERE, EVEN IN
THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND COMPOUNDS
AND IN SHELTERS, THERE ARE NO
GUARANTEES FOR SAFETY.
>> Ifill: THAT'S WHAT I WANTED
TO ASK YOU IS WHERE DO PEOPLE GO
WHEN THEY SEEK SHELTER?
>> WELL, GATHERING AROUND THE
MAIN EMERGENCY HOSPITAL IN GAZA,
THEY'RE GATHERING IN MOSQUES, IN
THE ORTHODOX CHURCH HERE IN
GAZA, AND THEY'RE ALSO GATHERING
IN SCHOOL COMPOUNDS, BOTH UN.
SCHOOLS AND NOW, AS THOSE HAVE
BASICALLY REACHED THEIR CAPACITY
ISOVER 120,000 PEOPLE IN THEM,
PEOPLE ARE ALSO POURING INTO
PUBLIC SCHOOL COMPOUNDS.
I VISITED TWO OF THE PUBLIC
SCHOOLS TODAY JUST TO SEE HOW
PEOPLE WERE COPING.
THE VAST MAJORITY OF NEARLY
1,400 PEOPLE IN EACH COMPOUND
WERE CHILDREN.
I WOUL WOULD SAY, IN ONE ALONE,2
CHILDREN WERE UNDER THE AGE OF
2.
THIS IS AN ENORMOUS CIVILIAN
IMPACT AND UPHVAL EA TERMS OF
ALL THESE LIVES WHO HAVE
LITERALLY HAD TO FLEE, NOT
KNOWING IF THEY'RE GOING TO
SURVIVE OR NOT.
IN FACT, ONE GRANDMOTHER TODAY
SAID TO ME, 40 OF THEM, ALL THEY
COULD DO WAS PRAY AT THAT MOMENT
BECAUSE THEY DID NOT KNOW, AS
THEIR 5-STORY BUILDING CAME
KNOW IF THEY WOULD LIVM, THEY
>> Ifill: WHAT IS THE
CONDITION OF THE INASTRUCTURE,
WHETHER WATER, ELECTRICITY, EVEN
THE ROOFS OVER PEOPLE'S HEADS?
WHAT IS YOUR SENSE OF HOW
DAMAGED THAT ALL IS?
>> I HAVE BEEN VISITING A NUMBER
OF THE MOST CRITICAL WATER AND
SANITATION INSTALLATIONS AROUND
GAZA.
I CAN SAY THAT 70% OF THE
POPULATION IS NOW WITHOUT ACCESS
TO SAFE WATER.
THE MAIN SEWAGE PUMPING STATION
HAS BEEN HIT DIRECTLY.
40% OF GAZA SEWAGE
DIRECTLY INTOHETERDI
NOW.
UST JWN THE ROAD FROM THERE
THE PRIMARY SEWAGE TREATMENT
PLANT WAS ALSO DIRECTLY HIT AND
THE SEWAGE FLOWED DOWN THE
STREET INTO THE NEIGHBORHOODS
AND FIELDS, CONTAMINATING A HUGE
AMOUNT OF AREA.
WATER WELLS HAVE BEEN DIRECTLY
HIT.
THERE IS AT LEAST 50% OF ALL THE
WATER AND SANITATION
FRASTRUCTURE IS NO LONGER
FUNCTIONING AT THIS MOMENT AND
EVEN WHEN SOME URGENT REPAIRS
COULD BE MADE TO REESTABLISH
SOME OF THE CONNECTIONS, IT'S
BEEN RENDERED IMPOSSIBLE BECAUSE
THERE IS NO SAFE HUMANITARIAN
ACCESS FOR THE MUNICIPAL WORKERS
TO BE ABLE TO MKE THESE REPAIRS
AND, ALREADY, THREE OF THEM HAVE
BEEN KILLED WHILE O DUTY.
YOND WATER AND HYGIENE, THE
EMOTIONAL TOLL, WE HAVE THE
EMERGENCY PSYCHO-SOCIAL TEAMS
WHO ARE REACHING OUT TO ALL THE
FAMILIES WHO HAVE LOST LOVED
ES ONIN ORDER TO PROVIDE SOME
IMMEDIATE COPING SKILLS, AND
THIS IS REALLY JUST THE FIT
STEP OF A VERY LONG PROCESS OF
HEALING AND RECOVERY THAT GAZA
WILL NEED TO UNDERGO.
>> Ifill: SOUNDS LIKE A LONG
PROCESS IN EVERY POSSIBLE CASE,
PERNILLE IRONSIE,D THE U.N.
CHILDREN'S AGENCY UNRECEIVE,
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: NOW TO POLITICS:
YESTERDAY IN GEORGIA, VOTERS
CHOSE THE REPUBLICAN NOMINEE FOR
THE U.S. SENATE IN WHAT TURNED
OUT TO BE A TIGHT PRIMARY
ELECTION.
IT SETS THE STAGE FOR WHAT WILL
BE ONE OF THE CLOSEST WATCHED
RACES OF THE YEAR, A CONTEST
THAT COULD HELP DECIDE CONTROL
OF THE SENATE.
WITH US TO TALK ABOUT THIS RACE
AND THE BROADER SENATE LANDSCAPE
IS OUR POLITICAL EDITOR,
DOMENICO MONTANARO.
SO WELCOME BACK.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Wdruff: DOMENICO, THE
REPUBLICANS, IT WAS A TIGHT
RACE, A RUNOFF, BUT THEY HAVE
CANDIDATE NOW, HIS NAME IS DAVID
PERDUE, WHO IS HE?
FORMER C.E.O. OF DOLLAR
GENERAL AND THE SNEAKER COMPANY
REEBOK, WHIC EVERYBODY KNOWS.
JACK KINGSTON IS WHO HE DEFEATED
51-49.
KINGSTON, A MEMBER OF CGRESS.
IT SHOULDN'T BE LOST THAT DAVID
PERDUE IN THIS RACE WAS THE ONLY
PERSON WHO RAN IN THIS PRIMARY
WHO WAS NOT EITHER A MEMBER OF
CONGRESS OR A RMER ELECTED
OFFICIAL, SO HE REALLY PLAYED
THAT OUTSIDER CARD.
HE RAN THIS AD DEPICTING BABIES
ON THE LAWN IN FRONT  CONGRESS
CRYING, DEPICTNG ALL THE
LAWMAKERS ARE CRY BABIES,
ESSENTIALLY, SO HE REALLY TRIED
TO PLAY THAT CARD, HIT KINGSTON
WITH BEING ON THE INSIDER
STATUS, AND THAT'S WHAT PROBABLY
DID HELP HIM.
HE ALSO PULLED INBOUT
$3 MILLION OF HIS OWN MONEY
WHICH DIDN'T HURT.
>> Woodruff: NOW PERDUE FACES
A WELL-ORGANIZED DEMOCRAT AND
NORMALLY DEEP SOUTH IS NOT
FERTILE TERRITORY FOR DEMOCRATS
BUT IN THIS CASE SHE IS THE
DAUGHTER OF A WELL-KNOWN FORMER
SENATOR.
>> TH'S RIGHT, AND DEMOCRATS
HAVE HOPE THAT MICHELLE NUNN,
DAUGHTER OF SAM NUNN, WILL DO
WELL BECAUSE OF HER LEGACY AND
NAME BUT ALSO BECAUSE TO HAVE
THE CHANGING DEMOGRAPHICS OF THE
STATE.
SO I INK THIS IS A STATE THAT
DECRATARE STAING FEEL A
LITTLE BIT BETTER ABOUT AN
GIVEN THE FACT PERDUE IS A
POLITICAL NOVICE, NEVER RUN
BEFORE, NUNN IS IN A SIMILAR
SITUATION, BUT SHE ALSO HAS
TRIED TO PLAY THE OUTSIDER CARD.
NOW YOU WILL SEE REBLICANS --
WE'VE ALREADY SEEN REPUBLICANS
TAKE STRONG AIM AT MICHELLE
NUNN.
WE KNOW THE DEMOCRATS ARE
ALADY PICKING APART DAVID
PERDUE'S BUSINESS EXPERIENCE,
TRYING TO REOPEN THE MITT ROMNEY
PLAYBOOK TO SAY THIS IS SOMEONE
WHO COST JOBSNDS
OVERSEAS.
THE THE REAL QUESTION WILL BE
OVER THE NEXT TWO MONTHS, CAN
CHELLE NUNN WITHSTAND THE
BARRAGE THAT COMES HER WAY?
IF WE LOOK TWO WEEKS AFTER LABOR
AN ACTUAL POTENTIALSTILL TIED,
PICKUP FOR DEMOCRATS.
>> Woodruff: AND THIS RACE IS
ESPECIALLY IMPORTANT TO
DEMOCRATS BECAUSE THE OVERALL
NATIOL SENATE LANDSCAPE IS
VERY FRIENDLY.
>> THAT'S RIT AND THAT'S WHY
WE CARE ABOUT THIS RACE.
THERE ARE 12 RACES IN THE
COUNTRY WE SHOULD ALL BE LOOKING
AT NOW BUT YOU CAN SEE FROM OUR
MAP THAT 10 OF THE STATES ARE
SEATS HELD BY DEMOCRATS.
WELL -- OR ARE REPUBLICAN
TARGETS.
ONLY TWO OF THE RACES ARE IN
PLACES THAT ARE HELD BY
REPUBLICANS -- KENTUCKY WITH
MITCH MCCONNELL, MINORITY LEADER
WHO COULD BECOME MAJORITY
LEADER, AND THIS RACEN
GEORGIA.
IF GEORGIA IS ON THE BOARD FOR
DEMOCRATS, THEN THE ABILITY FOR
REPUBLICANS TO TAKE BACK THE
SENATE AND NET THE SEATS THEY
NEED OUT OF THIS LANDSCAPE MAKES
IT MORE DIFFICULT.
ONLY THREE STATES ON THIS MAP
WE'VE SEEN ARE LIKELY HEADING
TOWARD REPUBLICANS IN MONTANA,
WEST VIRGINIA AND ONE OTHER, AND
YOU SEE THAT BECAUSE OF THAT, IF
REPUBLICANS AREN'T ABLE TO HOLD
GEORGIA, THEN THE LANDSCAPE
BECOMES MUCH MORE DIFFICULT FOR
THEM.
>> Woodruff: DEMOCRATS START
OUT WITH A DISADVANTAGE AND IT'S
JUST TOUGH.
>>WELL, IT IS.
BUT RIGHT NOW IN ALASKA AND
ARKANSAS, MARK PRYOR AND MARK
BEGCH ARE DOING WELL AND
PROBABLY BETTER THAN MOST
REPUBLICANS THOUGHT, AND THEY
MIGHT BE GUM IN THE DAM BECAUSE
IF THEY CAN HOLD, DEMOCRATS WILL
LIKELY HOLD A ONE OR TWO SEAT
MAJORITY, IF THEY LOSE YOU COULD
SEE A MUCH BROADER WAY COME THE
REPUBLICANS WAY.
>> Woodruff: I LIKE THAT
METAPHOR, GUM IN THE DAM.
THIS REPORT CAME OUT YESTERDAY
FROM THE RESPECTED ORGANIZATION
SAYING THE TURNOUT IN THIS
YEAR'S PRIMARIES SO FAR IS NOT
ONLY DOWN BUT, IN MOST OF THE
STATES WHERE THERE HAVE BEEN
PRIMARIES, A HISTORIC LOW.
>> 25 OF THE 50 STATES ARE AT AN
HISTORIC LOW.
IN THE 1950s THERE WAS A
PRIMARY OF MID 30s OF ELIGIBLE
POPULATION TURNING OUT FROM THE
STUDY OF THE CENTER OF AMERICAN
ELECTORATE.
AND NOW O13 TO 14% IS TURNED
OUT.
PEOPLE ARE UPSET.
PESSIMISM REINS.
THEY ARE UPSET WITH PRESIDENT,
CONG FCKING THE
PRESIDENT, UPSET AT THE
PRESIDENT FOR USING TOO MUCH
EXECUTIVE AUTHORITY, AND IT GOES
TH.
PEOPLE AREN'T FEELING MUCH
BETTER ABOUT THE ECONOMY DESPITE
THE HDLINEA ECONOMIC NUMBERS
AND WHAT IT ALL LEADS TO IS A
LARGE DINTEISREST, FRANKLY, IN
WHAT WE'RE SEEING IN POLITICS,
BUT IT DOES HAVE CONSEQUENCE.
ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES AS
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT WHETHER OR
NOT WHO HOLDS CONTROL OF THE
SENATE A.
>> Woodruff: PRETTY DEPRESSING
AND MAYBE PEOPLE WATCHING AND
ALL OVER THE COUNTRY, WELL, YOU
KNOW, TAKE NOTICE AND PAY MORE
ATTENTION.
>> IN FAVOR OF MORE ENGAGEMENT.
>> Woodruff: DOMENICO
MONTARO, THANK YOU.
>>
>> Ifill: NEXT, TRYING TO BETTER
UNDERSTAND WHAT'S HAPPENING IN
THE BRAIN OF A FRUITFLY, A
DRAGONFLY, OR A ZEBRAFISH.
ALL PART OF A BIGGER PUZZLE TO
LEARN MORE ABOUT HOW OUR OWN
MINDS WORK.
NEWSHOUR SCIENCE CORRESPONDENT
MILES O'BRIEN HAS THE FIRST IN
OUR THREE-PART SERIES ON THE
SCIENCE OF THE BRAIN.
>> Reporter: OH, TO BE A FLY
ON THE WALL AT THE BASIC
RESEARCH FACILITY SCIENTIST
CONSIDER RVANA.
THE MAKING OR BE SUB GEEKED TO
THE FRUITFLY VERSION OF A SCARY
NOVEMBER WHERE, A RAPIDLY
GROWING SHADOW OF A PREDATOR
COMING IN FOR THE KLL.
>> INTERESTED ON HOW THEY MAKE
DECISION.
>> Reporter: GLEN RUNS A
LABORATORY NEAR WASHINGTON, D.C.
AND FILMS FRUITFLIES AT 6,000
FRAMES PER SECOND TO SEE WHAT
THEY DO AND EVENTUALLY SHE HOPES
UNDERSTAND HOW THEIR BRAINS
ISSUE COMMANDS AND THEIR BODIES
TURN THAT INTO LIFE SAVING
ACTION.
ONE OF THE INTERESTING THINGS
WE'VE DISCOVERED IS THAT IF YOU
SHOW A FLY A SCARY MOVIE, THEY
ACTUALLY DON'T DO ONE PARTICULAR
THING, THEY ACTUALLY DO A WHOLE
SEQUENCE OF BEHAVIORS THAT ARE
QUITE FLEXIBLE AND VARIED.
>> Reporter: THIS IS THE KIND
OF QUESTION BUGS AND
NEUROSCIENCE IN ANOTHER LAB
HERE, JERRY RUBEN, SPENT HIS
ENTIRE CAREER STUDYING
FRUITFLIES.
>> FRUITFLYS HAVE A VERY
DISTINGUISHED, LONG CAREER IN
BIOMEDICAL RESEAR BECAUSE THEY
BREED LIKE FLIES.
>> Reporter: THE BUGS ARE MORE
THAN RAPIDLY PROLIFIC.
THEY CAN DO INTERESTING THINGS
AND COMPARED TO HUMANS ARE MUCH
EASIER NEUROSCIENCE TEST
SUBJECTS.
>> THESE ARE COMPLICATED
CALCULATIONS AND SMALL
BIOLOGICAL COMPUTATIONS.
WE FEEL IF WE COULD UNDERSTAND
HOW THOSE ACTUALLY WORK, THEN WE
WOULD KNOW SOMETHING IMPORTANT
ABOUT HOW EVERY BRAIN WORKS
INCLUDING OUR OWN BRAINS.
>> Reporter: RUBEN NOT ONLY
RUNS A LAB HERE BUT THE OVERALL
FACILITY AS WELL.
IN FACT, IT'S HIS BABY.
HE HATCHED THE IDEA IN 2002, THE
DOORS OPENED IN 2006, AND RIGHT
NOW IT HOUSES 350 SCIENTISTS
WORKING IN 42 LABS AND ON FIVE
COLLABORATIVE TEAMS.
IT IS A WELL-OILED MACHINE, TO
BE SURE.
ROBOTIC EFFICIENTY.
THEY FEED, BREED, BAR CODE AND
HOUSE MORE THAN A MILLION
INSECTS HERE HOPING THEY MIGHT
HOLD ANSWERS TO SOME OF THE MOST
CHALLENGING PROBLEMS IN BASIC
BIOMEDICAL RESEARCH.
IT IS FUNDED BY THE HOWARD
HUGHES MEDICAL STIT
FOR THE RECORD, ALSO
"NewsHour" UNDERWRITER.
H.H.M.I. PLANS TO SPEND
$50 MILLION TO $100 MILLION
YEAR FOR AT LEAST 20 YEARS HERE,
GIVING THE ST AND BRIGHTEST
SCIENTISTS WHAT AMOUNTS TO A
BLANK CHECK TO DO THEIR WORK AS
THEY SEE FIT.
>> WE COULD BRING AN UNUSUAL
GROUP OF PEOPLE.
PROTECT THEM FROM THE REAL
WORLD, GIVE THEM A PLACE TO WORK
ON THEIR SCIENCE, ENCOURAGE THEM
TO WORK TOGETHER ON CHALLENGING
PROBLEMS AND GIVE THEM THE
FREEDOM TO DO IT AND SEE WHAT
HAPPENS.
>> Reporter: RUBEN, AFTER A
WORKPLACE ON HIS RESUME.
THE BELL LABORATORIES FOUNDED BY
AT&T AND WESTERN ELECTRIC IN
1925, IT ATTRACTED THE BEST
SCIENTISTS FROM VIRTUALLY EVERY
DISCIPLINE, ENCOURAGED THEM TO
COLLABORATE AND GAVE THEM THE
FREEDOM AND FUNDING TO CONDUCT
BASIC RESEARCH, EVEN IF THERE
WAS NO OBVIOUS PROFIT-MAKING
APPLICATION EVIDENT.
OVER THE YEARS, BELL RESEARCHERS
MADE BIG STRIDES IN THE REALM OF
BASIC SCIENCE.
DISCOVERED COSMIC BACKGROUND
RADIATION AND THUS THE BIG BANG
THEORY, AND ALSO INVENTED GAME
CHANGERS IN THE M
INCLUDING THE TRANSISTOR, LASER
AND CHAR COUPLE DEVICE.
THEABRNERED SEVEN NOBEL
PRIZES IN ALL.
IN RECENT YEARS CORPORATE
FUNDING OF FUNDAMENTAL SCIENCE
WITH LONG-TERM GOALS HAS ALL BUT
VANISHED AND FEDERAL FUNDING FOR
BASIC SCIENCE DROPPED
PRECIPITOUSLY.
>> I THINK THERE'S A BROAD
RECOGNITION THERE IS A WAY THE
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT CHOOSES
PROJECTS TO FUND, THE WAY IT
SUPPORTS THEM TENDS TO CUT OUT
THE MOST CREATIVE WORK.
>> Reporter: TO PURSUE A
GREATER UNDERSTANDING OF
NEUROSCIENCE, SCIENTISTS AND
ENGINEERS WORK IN CLOSE
COLLABORATION TO BUILD NEW TOOLS
OF DISCOVERY.
DEVELOPMENTAL BIOLOGISTS AND
NEUROSCIENTISTS PHILLIP KELLER
SHOWED ME HISMAZI A LIGHT
SHEET MICRCOPE.
>> THIS IS DESIGNED TO MAIN
MALLEY INTERFERE WITH THE NORMAL
DEVELOPMENT AND FUNCTION OF THE
BIOLOGICAL SAMPLE.
>> Reporter: LIVING SAMPLES
BATHED IN LASER LIGHT AND
RECORDED BY TWO FAST DIGITAL
CAMERAS TO GENERATE
3-DIMENSIONAL MOVIES OF
BIOLOGICAL PROCESSES.
THIS IS AN EMBRYO FROM 3 HOURS
AFTER FERTILIZATION TILL
HATCHING 24 HOURS LATER.
>> WE HAVE TENS OF THOUSANDS OF
CELLS IN DEVELOPMENT.
YOU CANNOT SEE THESE RAPID
MOVEMENTS.
THESE ARE MULTIPLE CONTRACTIONS.
>> Reporter: THIS IS ONE
EMBRYO FROM DIFFERENT ANGLES.
>> EXACTLY.
>> Reporter: SOMETHING
ZEBRAFISHY IN THE LAB AS WELL,
ZEBRAFISH, WAITING FOR AN
EXTREME CLOSEUP.
THE GROUND BREAKING MOVIE SHOWS
A ZEBRA ZEBRAFISH LARVA BRAIN IN
ACTION.
EACH BLIP IS A BRAIN LIGHTING
UP.
>> THESE EXPERIMENTS ARE AIMED
AT TRYING TO FIND OUT WHAT
EXACTLY IS GOING ON.
>> Reporter: HE'S THINKING
ABOUT SOMETHING GOOD OR BAD?
ONE OR THE OTHER, RIGHT?
>> WE TRY OUR BEST TO SEE THAT
HE'S NOT THINKING SOMETHING BAD.
(LAUGHTER)
>> Reporter: IT'S DONE.
TRUE PROFESSIONAL.
>> TRUE PROFESSIONAL.
>> Reporter: NEUROSCIENTI
ANTHONY LEONARDO USES A
COLLABORATIVE APPROACH AS HE
STUDIES ANOTHER INSECT, THE
DRAGONFLY.
HE CAPTURES THEM CAPTURING FLUTT
FLIES, FOCUSED ON 28 MUSCLES
CONTROLLED BY FURY NEURONS, WHAT
DAY DO IN THE SPAN OF 14 WING
STROKES.
>> GETS BETTER WITH PRACTICE BUT
THEY UNDERSTAND HOW TO DO IT
FROM THE START.
>> Reporter: WHAT'S AMAZING IS
HE STARTS WITH HIS BACK TO THE
FRUITFLY.
>> EXACTLY.
>> Reporter: LNARDO IS
FOCUSED ON HOW OUR BRAINS
COORDINATE COMPLEX BEHAVIORS IN
SPLIT-SECOND REAL TIME LIKE
CATCHING A BALL.
TO GET A BETTER LOOK AT THE
PROBLEM, HE AND AN ENGINEER HAVE
OUTFITTED SOME DRAGONFLIES WITH
60-MILLIGRAM BACKPACKS.
THEY CAPTURE AND TRANSMIT
SIGNALS FROM NEURONS LINKED
E LOOK AT ALL THESE THINGS
TOGETHER AND SLOWLY BUILUP AD
MODEL OF HOW THE NERVOUS SYSTEM
WILL SOLVE THIS PROBLEM.
>> Reporter: LEONARDO SAYS THE
TINY BACKPACK IS A GOOD EXAMPLE
OF HOW COLLABORATION CAN
STREAMLINE SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH,
BUT THERE'S A BIG CATCH.
NO SUCHENU HERE.
EVEN THOUGH LONG-TERM FUNDING IS
NOT A WORRY, THE SCIENTISTS
THEMSELVES WORK ON FIVE-YEAR
CONTRACTS AND CAN BE ASKED TO
LEAVE IF THEY DON'T MEASURE UP.
AS WE SPOKE, ANTHONY LEONARDO'S
CONTRACT WAS UP FOR RENEWAL.
>> THE WAY THIS WAS PUT TO ME
WHEN I WAS INTERVIEWING THAT
RESONATED WITH ME THAT WE DON'T
SEE IS THE THE PLACE IS
WE WILL BET THESE MASSIVE
RESOURCES ON YOU AND YOUR IDEAS
AND YOU BET YOUR EXREER IN
EXCHANGE -- YOU BET YOUR CAREER
IN EXCHANGE.
THAT WAS THE GAMBLE.
>> Reporter: RESEARCHERS HERE
ARE KEEPING LONG-TERM BASIC
RESH  TIME WHEN
IT FINDS VERY FEW SAFE HARBORS.
>> NOT EVERY AVENUE OF RESEARCH
WORKS OUT.
YOU DON'T KNOW EXACTLY WHERE
IT'GOINS  OR EXACTLY WHAT
YOU'RE GOING TO LEARN.
WE DON'T KNOW WHAT THE TRUTH IS
OR WE WOULDN'T FEED TOURSUE
IT.
SOMETIMES IT TURNS OUT AS YOU
EXPECT AND SOMETIMES IT DOESN'T.
>> Reporter: THERE ARE HOPES
THE RESEARCH WILL PAY OFF WITH
NEW NOBEL CLASS DISCOVERIES.
THAT'S THE IDEA.
THE SURE THING NEED NOT APPLY.
>
TOMORROW, JUDY EXPLORES NEW
FINDINGS ON GENETICS AND
SCHIZOPHRENIA.
>> Woodruff: THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION PROPOSED NEW AND
TOUGHER SAFETY RULES TODAY FOR
R TRAINS CARRYING OIL,
TRAINS SOMETIMES REFERRED TO AS
A PIPELINE ON WHEELS.
THEY COME AFTER SOME TRAGIC
DERAILMENTS AND AT A TIME WHEN
MORE THAN A MILLION BARRELS OF
OIL A DAY ARE TRAVELING ACROSS
THE COUNTRY BY RAIL.
JEFFREY BROWHASN HE STORY
>> Brown: ON JULY 6TH OF LAST
YEAR, AT 1:15 IN THE MORNING,
THE SMALL CANADIAN TOWN OF LAC
MEGANTIC WAS ROCKED BY A
POWERFUL EXPLOSION.
A RUNAWAY TRAIN CARRYING 72 CARS
OF CRUDE OIL HAD CAREENED INTO
THE COMNITYMUND DAILED.
THE BLAST AND ENSUING FIRE
DESTROYED DOZENS OF BUILDINGS
AND KILLED 47 PEOPLE.
THE TRAIN CARRIED BAKKEN OIL, A
HIGHLY FLAMMABLE CRUDE FROM
WESTERN NORTH DAKOTA, WHERE
PRODUCTION HAS SURGED, ALONG
WITH RAIL SHIPMENTS.
OVERALL, THE NUMBER OF TANKER
CARS CARRYING OIL IN THE U.S.
SOARED FROM 10,000 IN 2008 TO
MORE THAN 400,00 LAST YEAR.
>> THEY DN'T LOOK DOWN THE
ROAD TO FIGURE OUT HOW ARE WE
GOING TO GET THIS TO MARKET IN A
SAFE WAY.
>> Brown: DON MORRON OF THE
DAKOTA RESOURCE COUNCIL, IN A
MAY INTERVIEW WITH THE NEWSHOUR.
>> GOING THROUGH PEOPLE, RIGHT
NEXT TO PEOPLE'S HOUSES AND
BUSINESSES.
IT'S DANGEROUS.
AND THEY'VE GOT TO BE CAREFUL.
>> Ifill: NOW, THE DEPARTMENT OF
TRANSPORTATION IS PROPOSING NEW
REGULATIONS FOR OIL TRAINS.
THEY WOULD INCLUDE:
HASE OUT OR RETROFIT OF
THOUSANDS OF OLDER TANK CARS
WITHIN TWO YEARS;
IMPROVED BRAKING SYSTEMS;
AND TESTING CORN-BASED ETHANOL
AND CRUDE OIL FOR FLAMMABILITY
PRIOR TO TRANSPORTATION.
THE GOAL IS TO PREVENT THE KINDS
OF ACCIDENTS SEEN FROM
LYNCHBURG, VIRGIA INTO
CASSELTON, NORTH DAKOTA, OVER
THE LAST 18 MONTHS, THOH NONE
WAS AS DEADLY OR DESTRUCTIVE AS
LAC MEGANTIC.
FOR THE RECORD, THE CASSELTON
INCIDENT INVOLVE THE RAIL
COMPANY B.N.S.F., A MAJOR
CARRIER OF OIL AND AN
UNDERWRITER OF THE NEWSHOUR.
STILL, INDUSTRY REPRESENTATIVES,
LIKE RON NESS OF THE NORTH
DAKOTA PETROLEUM COUNCIL, INSIST
THE TRANSPORTATION OF OIBY
RAIL IS SOUND.
>> SAFETY IS CERTAINLY THE
NUMBER ONE ASPECT THAT I THINK
ALL ASPECTS OF THE
TRANSPORTATION INDUSTRY ARE
FOCUSED ON.
AND AT 99.7% OF THE TIME, YOU
KNOW, RAIL MOVEMENTS GET TO
THEIR DESTINATIONS SAFELY.
>> Brown: SUPPORTERS OF THE
LONG-DELAYED KEYSTONE PIPELINE
PROJECT, TO CARRY CANADIAN OIL
TO THE GULF OF MEXICO, SAY IT
WOULD EASE THE NEED FOR OIL
TRNS.
ENVIRONMENTAL GROUPS SAY IT
POSES IT'S OWN THREATS.
>> Brown: THE SECRETARY OF
TRANSPORTATION, ANTHONY FOXX,
ANNOUNCED THE PROPOSED RULES
TODAY, AND HE JOINS ME NOW.
WELCOME TO YOU.
>> THANK YOU, JEFF.
>> Brown: FIRST, HELP PEOPLE
UNDERSTAND THE SITUATION AS YOU
SEE IT.
HOW SERIOUS A HEALTH AND
SAFETY ISSUE IS IT ESPECIAL INLY
TOWNS WHERE TRAINS RUN THROUGH?
>> WE HAVE TO REMEMBER THAT OIL
PRODUCTION IN THIS COUNTRY IS
GROWING EXPONENTIALLY AND CRUDE
IN RUSSIA INCREASED FROMO 80s
FRO900,000 CAR LOADS TO A 4%
INCREASE.
WE DON'T SEE THAT ABATINGOON.
THE PRODUCTION LYNN CREAS
SAFETY STANDARDS HAVE TO
INCREASE WITH IT AND THAT'S WHY
WE PROPOSED THE RULE TODAY.
>> Brown: THE CRITICISM THAT
CAME IMMEDIATELY IS YOU'RE
MOVING IN THE  DIRECTION
BUT TOO SLOW.
WE HAVE TO PUT UP A GRAPHIC FROM
EARTH JUSTICE, ONE OF THE
ACTIVIST GROUPS, THAT SAYS YOUR
PROPOSAL SHOWED EXTREME
UNACCEPTABLE RISK POSED BY
OUTDATED AND ACCIDENT-PRONE TYPE
OF RAILCAR, THE D.O.T. 111.
THE DEPARTMENT'S PROPOSAL, THEY
RAISEEDUCING THE RISK OF
KEEPING THESE ACCIDENT PRONE
CARS OFF THE RAILS FOR THREE TO
SIX YEARS.
WHY WAIT SO LONG IF THEY'RE SO
DANGEROUS?
>> WE'RE TRYING TO PUSH THE RULE
OUT AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE.
WE HAVE A 60-DAY COMMENT PERIOD.
FOLKS WITH CRITICISMS OR
EXROVLTS THEY'D LIKE TO SEE TO
THE RULE, WE INVITE EM TO USE
THE COMMENT PERIOD.
BUT TO THE PARTICULAR QUESTION
YOU ASKED, THE REALITY IS WE
HA TAT HAS AS BEST ANK CS IN IT
TODAY.
SO TO TRANSITION THE MARKET, IT
WILL TAKE TIME FROM A PRACTICAL
STANDPOINT.
WE WANT TO HAVE A RIGHT STDARD
SE PORTTHE NEW TANK CAR AND
THAT'S WHAT WE'RE PROPOSING IS
TO HAVE ALTERNATIVES TO IMPROVE
THE TANK CAR STANDARD BUT THIS
IS ALSO A COMPREHENSIVE RULE, IT
GOES WITH SPEED AND OTHER
ASPECTS SO WE CAN ENSURE THE
SAFETY OF THE OTHER PEOPLE.
>> Brown YU'REETTNG
PRESSURE FROM THE INDUSTRY NOT
TO MOVE TOO FAST.
>> WE USE THE COMMENT RIOPED TO
HEAR FROM INDUSTRY BUT WE'RE NOT
GOING TO BE BOUND BY WHAT WE
HEAR FROM INDUSTRY.
WE'RE GOING TO DO THE RIGHT
THING FOR SAFETY IN AMERICA AND
WHATEVER THAT IS WHERE OUR FINAL
WORD WILL BE.
>> Brown: ONE INTERESTING
ISSUE IS THE PARTICULAR OIL
VOLVINED.
SOUNDS AS THOUGH YOUR DEPARTMENT
DECIDED THE BAKKEN OIL IS
ACTUALLY RTICULARLY VOLATILE
AND LESS SAFE AND MORE
COMBUSTIBLE THAN OTHER OILS.
ES, ONE OF THE THINGS WE'RE
NOTICING IN THIS SITUATION IS
THAT, IN THE BAKKEN REGION,
THERE IS RUD RUDE MEANTIARY
SEPARATION OCCURRING BEFORE IT
GOES INTO THE TANK CARS.
IN THE BAKKEN, THE TANK CARSRE A
MOVING THE MATERIALS OUT TO THE
REFINING AREAS ON THE EAST AND
WEST COAST SO THE CHALLENGE IS
SUBSTANCE MOVING LONG DISTANCES
AND SOMEES HUNDREDS OF
AT A TIME.
>> Brown: HERE YOU'RE PUSHED
BACK FROM THE OIL INDUSTRY.
A GRAPHIC FROM THE AMERICAN
PETROLEUM INSTITUTE "THE BEST
SCIENCE AND DATA TONIGHT SUPPORT
RECENT SPECULATION THAT CRUDE
OIL FROM THE BAKKEN FRIENDS A
GREATER THAN NORMAL RISK."
THEY'RE CALLINGON  YOU TO GET
YOURCIEN RIT.
DO YU HAVET RIT?>> YES, I DO
SOME FOS SAY WE'REOVIN M T
SLOW, SOME SAY TOO FAST.
WE'RE PROBABLY IN THE RIGHT
PLACE.
WE LOOK FORWARD TO THE COMMENT
PERIOD AND LIST TO WHAT FOLKS
HAVE TO SAY.
>> Brown: WHAT ABOUT THE THE
ISSUE OF SPEED?
ARE THERE'S A QUESTION OF
40-MILE-PER-HOUR SPEED LIMIT
WHICH I GATHER NOW THE RAILROADS
HAVE ACCEPTED WITHIN URBAN AREAS
BUT THE QUESTION IS WHETHER YOU
SHOULD EXPAND THAT COUNTRYWIDE.
>> YEAH, THE QUESTION IS DO WE
HAVE A 40-MILE LIMIT TOTALLY,
EVERYWHERE, DO WE HAVE A 40-MILE
LIMIT AROUND CERTAIN PARTS,
GIVEN POPULATION DIFFERENCES?
DO WE HAVE IT JUST IN URBAN
AREAS.
THAT TYPE OF CHALLENGE IS NOT
JUST A CHALLENGE INHERENT TO
THIS ISSUE OF CRUDE BY RAIL.
THERE IS AN ISSUE OF WHAT IT
DOES TO OTHER COMMODITIES,
GRAINS, RAIL, CORN PRODUCTS
MOVED BY RAIL.
SO, AGAIN, THIS IS A PLACE WHERE
WE'LL LISTEN TO INPUT FROM A
VARIETY OF STAKEHOLDERS AND WORK
TO CRAFT THE RULE ACCORDINGLY.
>> Brown: HOW DO YOU DECIDE
SOMETHING LIKE THAT?
IS IT BASED ON THE NEW CARS
OR -- THEY ALWAYS WILL BE TIED
TOGETHER.
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
>> Brown: THEY'RE ALSO CALLING
FOR A NEW BRAKING SYSTEM OR
LOOKING AT IT.
>> IT IS VERY COMPLEX AND WE
NEED A COMPREHENSIVE APPROACH
WHICH IS WHY OUR RULE TAKES INTO
ACCOUNT ALL THE FACTORS.
AS WE GET COMMENTS IN, WE'LL
TAKE A LOOK AT THE COMMENTS BUT
I BELIEVE YOU WILL SEE A RULE
THAT'S GOING TO HAVE SEVERAL
COMPONENTS TO IT, THE TANK CAR
STANDARD, THE SPEED STANDARD,
AND OTHER PIECES INCLUDING
BREAKING AND OTHER THINGS THAT
YOU MENTIONED BEFORE.
>> Brown: THE LARGER ISSUE IS
WHERE YOU STARTED.
WE SAW THE HUGE INCREASE IN
PRODUCTION.
THE BALANCE IS OUT OF ORDER.
THE BALANCE IN THE INCREASE IN
PRODUCTION VERSUS MAINTAINING
THE SAFETY, THE ABILITY TO
TRANSPORT THIS.
>> THE REALITY IS THINGS HAVE
CHANGED.
THIS INCREASED PRODUCTION, THESE
TRAINS ARE NOW MOVING, AS I SAID
BEFORE, IN SOME CASES 100 UNIT
TRAINS AT A TIME, AND IT'S UNIT
A TT CARS AME,I AND WE'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO DEAL WITH THIS NEW
REALITY BY STEPPING UP OUR ATEST
OSAFETY STANDARDS AND THIS RULE
IS GOING TO BE PROMULGATED TO
FOCUS ON WHERE WE WILL BE IN THE
FUTURE AS WELL AS WHERE WE ARE.
WE WANT TO HIT THE TARGET WITH
THE RULE.
>> Brown: ESPECIALLY IN THE
LOCAL COMMUNITIES, THERE HAS
BEEN A LOT OF PROTEST AND WORRY.
>> WELL AWARE OF.
THIS WE'VE HEARD FROM MEMBERS OF
CONGRESS, MAYORS, COMMUNITY
MEMBERS ALL OVER THE COUNTRY AND
EVEN INTO CANADA.
WE UNDERSTAND THE IMPORTANCE OF
THIS ISSUE.
THAT'S WHY WE WORKED TO GET THE
RULE OUT AND HAVE A PUBLIC
COMMENT PERIOD AND WE'LL MOVE IT
AS QUICKLY AS WE CAN.
>> Brown: WHILE I HAVE YOU
HERE, I WANT TO ASK YOU ABOUT
ANOTHER TRANSPORTATION ISSUE ON
PEOPLE'S MINDS AND THAT'S AIR
TRANSPORTATION.
WE HAD WHAT HAPPENED IN THE
UKRAINE.
WE HAVE U.S. FLIGHTS NOT GOING
INTO ISRAEL.
JET TRAVEL NOWADAYS, SHOULD
PEOPLE BE WORRIED IN A NEW Y?
>> I THINK WHAT PEOPLE SHOULD BE
REASSURED BY IS THE FACT OUR
F.A.A. IS WORKING VERY CLOSELY
WITH OUR INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY
AND WITH THE INTERNATIONAL
COMMUNITY TO UNDERSTAND THE
RISKS OF TRAVELING, AND WHEN WE
BELIEVE THE RISKS ARE
SUBSTANTIAL ENOUGH, WE HAVE
ISSUES RULES TO PROHIBIT U.S.
CARRIERS FROM FLYING INTO
CERTAIN TERRITORIES.
WE'LL MONITOR SITUATIONS AS THEY
OCCUR AND HOPEFULLY FOLKS WILL
FEEL SAFE AS THEY FLY.
>> Brown: YOU BELIEVE THAT'S
THE SITUATION IN ISRAEL, EVEN
THOUGH THE ISRAELI GOVERNMENT
SAYS THAT'S NOT THE CASE?
>> WE ARE INGUS THE INTELLIGENCE
AGAIN WE'RE WORKING WITH ALL OUR
INTERNATIONAL PARTNERSN
SITUATIONS WHERE WE HAVE ACTIVE
NO TEMS, AND WILLONITOR THE
ATION ELSEWHERE.
>>Brown: ANTHONY FOXX,
SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION,
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Ifill: FINALLY TONIGHT, WE
RETURN TO A STORY THAT
CAPTIVATED THE WORLDS ATTENTION
FOR A TIME, BUT HAS FADED FROM
THE PUBLIC EYE, THE FATE OF
THOSE KIDNAPPED SCHOOL GIRLS IN
NIGERIA.
CHIEF FOREIGN AFFAIRS
CORRESPONDENT MARGARET WARNER
HAS THIS UPDATE ON WHAT HAS
BECOME OF THEM, AND OF THE
CAMPAIGN TO BRING THEM HOME.
>> ALL WE ARE SAYING IS BRING
BACK OUR GIRLS, NOW AND ALIVE.
>> Warner: A SMALL, BUT VOCAL,
PROTEST MARKED THE SOMBER
ANNIVERSARY IN NIGERIA'S
CAPITAL, ABUJA.
IT'S BEEN 100 DAYS SINCE NEARLY
300 YOUNG SCHOOLGIRLS WERE
ABDUCTED BY ISLAMIST MILITANTS
FROM A TOWN IN NORTHEASTERN
NIGERIA, CHIBOK
>> WE CALL ON TO THE NIGERIAN
MILITARY TO FACILITATE A
DECISIVE MILITARY OPERATION.
>> Warner: NO ONE IS SURE OF THE
EXACT NBER BEING HELD TODAY,
SOME SEEN HERE IN A VIDEO FROM
MID-MAY.
NEARLY 60 ESCAPED THEAPTORS,
A STRICT FUNDAMENTALIST ISLAMIST
GROUP CALLED BOKO HARAM.
IT'S LEADER, ABUBAKAR SHEKAU.
>> ( translated ): WE ARE
AGAINST WESTERN EDUCATION AND I
SAY STOP WESTERN EDUCATION.
I REPEAT, I TOOK THE GIRLS, AND
I WILL SELL THEM OFF, THERE IS A
MARKET FOR SELLING GIRLS.
>> Warner: YESTERDAY, FOR THE
FIRST TIME S T
ABDUCTIONS, NIGIAN ERESIDENT
GOODLUCK JONATHAN MET WITH MANY
PARENTS OF THE KIDNAPPED GIRLS,
AND SOME WHO ESCAPED.
HE AND HIS GOVERNMENT HAVE COME
UNDER WITHERING CRITICISM FOR
THEIR HANDLING OF THE INCIDENT,
AND OF BOKO HARAM.
>> THE GOVERNMENT WAS WILDLY
SLOW TO RESPOND TO THIS
PARTICULAR ABDUCTION, AND THE
GOVERNMENT'S SECURITY FORCES
HAVE BEEN WILDLY INEFFECTAT
BOTH DEALING WITH BOKO HARAM AND
PROTECTING THE LOCAL POPULATION.
>> Warner: SARAH MARGON IS THE
WASHINGTON DIRECTOR OF HUMAN
RIGHTS WATCH.
>> Warner: WHY IS IT THAT THE
GERIAN GOVERNMENT, AFTER 100
DAYS, WITH SOME OUTSIDE HELP,
HAS NOT BEEN ABLE TO LOCATE AND
RESCUE THESE MISSING GIRLS?
>> IT'S OUR UNDERSTANDING THAT
THEY ACTUALLY DO KNOW WHERE THEY
ARE, BUT BECAUSE THE GIRLS HAVE
BEEN BROKEN UP INTO SMALLER
GROUPS, AND IT'S BASICALLY A
HOSTAGE NEGOTIATION, IT'S A VERY
DANGEROUS SITUATION.
>> Warner: THIS ING BY
PHONE, I ASKED NIGERIAN
GOVERNMENT SPOKESMAN IN ABUJA,
MIKE OMERI, ABOUT THAT.
>> THE EFFORT, THE ENERGY, THE
RESOURCES, THE MOBILIZINGND
STANDING TOGETHER IS TOWARDS
RESCUING THESE GIRLS.
CURISETYATEDLY, OFFICERS AND
SERVICES HAVE INDICATED
KNOWLEDGE OF WHERE, KNOWLEDGE OF
WHERE THESE GIRLS MIGHT BE HELD.
>> Warner: BUT WE WERE TOLD THAT
YOU KNOW WHERE THEY ARE, BUT IT
IS TOO RISKY TO TRY TO RESCUE
THEM, BECAUSE IT'S BASICALLY A
HOSTAGE SITUATION.
IS THAT RIGHT?
>> Warner: THE  KIDNAPPINGS
INSPIRED A GLOBAL CAMPAIG,
#BRING BACK OUR GIRLS, WHICH
RAISEDWARENESS, BUT IN A VIDEO
RELEASED LAST WEEK, BOKO HARAM
CHIEF SHEKAU BRAZENLY MOCKED THE
EFFORT WHILE TAUNTING THE
PRESIDENT AND HIS MILITARY.
>> BRG
BRING BACK OUR ARMY.
BRING BK OUR ARMY. JONATHAN!
JONATHAN!
GIRL, GIRL, GIRL, GIRL, GIRL!
BRING BACK OUR ARMY!
>> Warner: STANDUP THE
KIDNAPPINGS ARE BUT A SYMPTOM OF
THE GOVERNMENT'S IMPOTENCE AS
BOKO HARAM, WHICH WANTS TO
ESTABLISH AN ISLAMIST CALIPHATE
IN NIGERIA, HAS ADVANCED ACROSS
THE PREDOMINANTLY-MUSLIM
NORTHEAST OF AFRICA'SOST-
POPULOUS NATION.
LATE LAST WEEK, IT'S FIGHTERS
PLANTED THEIR FLAG THE STRATEGIC
TOWN OF DAMBOA.
D TODAY, IT'S BELIEVED TO BE
BEHIND BOMB BLASTS IN THE CITY
OF KADUNA, THAT KILLED AT LEAST
39 FOLLOWERS OF A MUSLIM CLERIC
WHO DOESN'T EMBRACE BOKO HARAM'S
HARD-LINE IDEOLOGY.
ALL OF THIS EMBLEMATIC,
PETER PHAM OF THE ATLANTIC
COUNCIL, OF AN ORGANIZATION THAT
HAS GROWN INTRENGTH AND
AMBITION:
>> THE GROUP HAS METASTASIZED
VERY RAPIDLY IN THE LAST TWO TO
THREE YEARS, IT'S GONE FROM A
VIOLENT MILITANT GROUP THAT DID
DRIVE-BY SHOOTINGS AND LOBBED
GRENADES AT PEOPLE IT DIDN'T
KE, LITO A TERRORIST GROUP THAT
CARRIED O THE FIRST SUICIDE
BOMBINGS AND TRUCK BOMBINGS IN
NIGERIA'S HISTORY, TO NOW, IN
THE LAST 12 MONTHS, TO A GROUP
THAT OCCUPIES TERRITORY.
>> Warner: SO WHAT EXPLAINS ITS
ABILITY TO EXPAND ITS AREA OF
CONTROL?
>> I THINK SEVERAL FACTORS
CONTRIBUTED TO IT.
ONE IS BETTER TRAINING.
INCREASINGLY, ALSO, THE WEAKNESS
OF THE NIGERIAN MILITARY.
THE NIGERIAN MILITARY HAS BEEN
UNABLE OR UNWILLING TO FIGHT
BACK, AND THEN, FINALLY, THE
FEAR THAT BOKO HARAM HAS MANAGED
TO STOKE IN VILLAGERS AND OTHERS
LEADS PEOPLE TO FLEE BEFORE
THEM, RATHER THAN PUTTING UP
RESISTANCE.
>> Warn: AND, SAYS SA
MARGON, WHERE THE MILITARY HAS
FOUGHT BACK, IT DONE AS MUCH
TO CREATE FERTILE GROUND FOR
BOKO HARAM AS DENY IT.
>> IN PART, THEY'VE BEEN
EMBOLDENEDY THE HEAVY HAND OF
NIGERIAN SECURITY FORCES.
IN PART, THE LOCAL COMMUNITY HAS
BEEN PUSHED TOWARDS THEM BECAUSE
OFHE HEAVY HAND, AND SO THEY
HAVE BEEN STRENGTHENED.
THE HEAVY HAND INCLUDES EXTRA-
JUDICIAL KILLINGS, ROUNDING UP
SUSPECTS, ARRESTOTN
CHARGING THEM, SOMETIMES KILLING
THEM, BURNING RESIDENTIAL
SUCTURES, LOOTING HOMES,
ABUSING PEOPLE.
>> Warner: SO YOUR SAYING THAT
ACTUALLY HAS HELPED BOKO HARAM?
>> ABSOLUTELY.>> Warner: WHILE T
SPOKESMAN OMERI SAYS THERE WAS
INITIAL RESENTMENT OF THE ARMY
BY LOCAL POPULATIONS, HE REFUTES
THE  CHARGE OF ABUSE.
>> Warner: BUT PETER PHAM SAYS
SUCH ASSURANCES FALL ON DEAF
EARS AMONG MANY NIGERIANS,
WHO'VE GROWN CYNICAL AFTER
DECADES OF CORRUPTION AND
ECONOMIC DISPARITY IN THIS OIL-
RICH COUNTRY.
BOKO HARAM WOULDN'T BE IN THE
STRONG POSITION THAT IT IS AND
HAVE THE SYMPATHIES OR AT LEAST
THE TACIT ACQUIESCENCE OF
SEGAB
POPULATION WERE IT NOT FOR THE
SOCIAL, POLITICAL, AND ECONOMIC
MARGINALIZATION THAT MANY
NIGERIANS FEEL, NOT ONLY BECAUSE
OF CORRUPTION BUT ALSO FOR LACK
OF INCLUSION.
>> Warner: THIS HAS BRED A
REGIONAL THREAT POTENT ENOUGH TO
PROMPT THE U.S. TO DESIGNATE
BOKO HARAM A TERRORIST
ORGANIZATION, AND THE UNITED
NATIONS TO ENFORCE SANCTIONS
AGAINST IT AS AN AL QAIDA-
ASSOCIATED GROUP.
ITS EXPANDING REACH IS A THREAT
THE U.S. SHOULD BE WORRIED
ABOUT, SAYS PHAM.
>> BOKO HARAM FORMS PA OF AN
ARCHIPELAGO OF EXTREMIST GROUPS
STRETCHING FROM NORTH AFRICA
THROUGH THE UNGOVERNED SPACES OF
THEAHEL S AND THEN ONWARD AND
EASTWARD TO UNSTABLE AREAS OF
EAST AFRICA, AS WELL AS A
LINKAGE TSOO  OF METHE MILITANTS
FIGHTING IN SYRIA.
>> Warner: ANOTHER REASON THAT
THE.S. UHOPES THE NIGERIAN
GOVERNMENT, EVEN WHILE TRYING TO
GET BACK THE KIDNAPPED GIRLS,
ALSO PRESSES ON EVERY FRONT
AGAINST THE SURGING THREAT BOKO
HARAM REPRESENTS.
>> Ifill: AGAIN, E MATHJOR
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY.
THE FIRST 40 BODS FROM A
MALAYSIAN AIRLINER ARRED BACK
IN THE NETHERLANDS.
THE PLANE WAS SHOT DOWN OVER
EASTERN UKRAINE LAST WEEK.
SECRETARY OF STATE JOHN KERRY
SHUTTLED BETWEEN ISRAELI AND
PALESTINIAN LEADERS, TRYING TO
ARRANGE A CEASE-FIRE IN GAZA.
BUT THE FIGHTING RAGED ON, WITH
MORE THAN 700 PALESTINIANS AND
34 ISRAELIS KILLED SO FAR.
AND THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION
PROPOSED PHASING OUT THOUSANDS
OF OLDER RAILROAD TANCARSK HAT
INCREASINGLY CARRY CRUDE OIL.
>> Woodruff: ON THE NEWSHOUR
LI RHT N, BAAN T
75 THIS YEAR AND WE WANTED TO
KNOW WHY HE REMAINS SO POPULAR
AFTER THREE-QUARTERS OF A
CENTURY.
SO WE TALKED TO A REAL BATMAN
SCHOLAR DWIGHT BLOCKER BOWERS OF
THE SMITHSONIAN NATIONAL MUSEUM
OF AMERICAN HISTORY IN
WASHINGTON, D.C.
HE SHOWED US PART OF THE
SMITHSONIAN'S COLLECTION OF
BATMAN ARTIFACTS.
I THINK BATMA REMAINED
POPULAR IN AMERICANCULTURE
BECAUSE HE REPRESENTS THE POWER
IN GOOD ANDHE REPRESENTS A
SUPERHERO WHO CAN SAVE US FROM
OURSELVES.
FIRST OF ALL, I THINK IT GOES
BACK TO THE STATEMENT THAT HE
HAS SUSTAINED HIMSELF SINCE 1939
WHEN HE PREMIERED, IN AMERICAN
CULTURE.
HE REPRESENTED A FIGURE WHO CAN
FIGHT FOR THE MIGHT RFO GOOD AS
OPPOSED TO EVIL.
I REMEMBER AS A CHILD A
TELEVISION JOE, THE ADAM WEST
VERSION OF THAT MAN.
I LOVED THE SENSE OF COMEDY IT
BROUGHT TO THE SERIES BECAUSE
THAT MAN IS A VERY SERIUSO
FIGURE, AND I THINK THAT SHOW
INTRODUCED HUMOR TO THE
CHARACTER THAT I FOUND
EMBRACING.
>> Woodruff: WE ALSO TALKED TO
SEVERAL OF THE WRITERS AND
ARTISTS WHO'VE HAD A HAND IN THE
SUPERHERO'S EVOLUTION OVER THE
YEARS.
YOU CAN FIND THOSE INTERVIEWS,
PLUS A LOT MORE, ON OUR WEB
SITE, newshour.pbs.org.
>> Ifill: AND THAT'S THE
EWSHNOUR FOR TONIGHT.
I'M GWEN IFILL.
>> Woodruff: AND I'M JUDY
WORUFF, WE'LL SEE YOU ON-LINE
AND AGAIN HERE TOMORROW EVENING.
FOR ALL OF US HERE AT THE PBS
NEWSHOUR, THANK YOU AND GOOD
NIGHT.